+++
title = "Changelog"
+++


__All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.__

This is based off of [keepachangelog.com](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/).

There are no real _releases_, or _tags_ here since this is not a library
or anything, but I felt like it would be fun (besides just git history)
to keep a log of how the site has changed over time.

This should be in reverse chronological order.

### 2019-12-15

#### New

- Support / styling for the `<details>` element.
- Support for a `snippet` shortcode to pull in `details` from `static/details`

### 2019-11-17

#### New

- Image resizing support and styling using the `image` shortcode.

#### Updated

- Only one HTTP request for the page (inlining the CSS, and empty favicon data).
  This made it so that the `build` and `serve` commands write to the same
  directory :( Since we don't _really_ know how to inline something from various
  paths. The config doesn't have output path available at runtime.

### 2019-11-14

#### New

- Support and styling for [anchor links][anchor-links] on posts.
- `Makefile` supports the env var `$BASE_URL`, this is useful if
  I want to check the site from my phone during development, using
  [internet sharing on MacOS][internet-sharing].
- Adding a `CHANGELOG.md`, which is symlinked and served as `/changelog`.

#### Updated

- `bin/verify-content-dates` updated to use symlinks for the autogenerated
  section `_index.md` files.
- Better sizing/spacing for mobile web.
- The post [How this site works](@/writes/2019/11/10/how-this-blog-works.md)
  was updated to reflect the fixes to the `CNAME` (bug fixe below) and the
  symlinking dates directories.

#### Fixed

- No longer have to deal with weird `master` merge issues because
  `bin/ship` force pushes master. This was a problem before because
  the master branch _needs_ to have a `CNAME` file for custom domains
  to work well. Fixed by symlinking it to `static/` the same way that
  the REAMDE is, and this file is.

[anchor-links]: https://www.getzola.org/documentation/content/linking/#anchor-insertion
[internet-sharing]: https://support.apple.com/guide/mac-help/share-internet-connection-mac-network-users-mchlp1540/mac
